[Wrangler] Update deployment and rollback docs for new command structure (#7994)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/deployments.md

## Creating a new deployment

> New deployments are created whenever an upload, binding change (including environment variables and secrets), usage model change, or [rollback](#rollbacks) is made. Create a new deployment via the Cloudflare dashboard, [Workers API](/api), or wrangler (with [`wrangler publish` command](/workers/wrangler/commands#publish) or [`wrangler rollback` command](/workers/wrangler/commands#rollback)) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New deployments are created whenever an upload, binding change (including environment variables and secrets), usage model change, or [rollback](#rollbacks) is made. Create a new deployment via the Cloudflare dashboard, [Workers API](/api), or Wrangler (with [`wrangler publish` command](/workers/wrangler/commands#publish) or [`wrangler rollback` command](/workers/wrangler/commands#rollback)) .
```

### via Wrangler

Wrangler allows you to view the 10 most recent deployments as well as bindings and metadata for a specific deployment.

> More details about the `wrangler deployments list` and `wrangler deployments view` commands can be found [here](/workers/wrangler/commands#deployments).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More details about the `wrangler deployments list` and `wrangler deployments view` commands can be found in the [Wrangler commands documentation](/workers/wrangler/commands#deployments).
```

### via the Cloudflare Dashboard

Access deployments by logging into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) > **Account Home** > **Workers** > selecting your Worker project > **Deployments**. Deployments includes information about previous deployments, and your Worker’s detail page displays information about the most recently deployed and currently active deployment.

### via the API

> Read more about accessing deployment information via Cloudflare's REST API [here](/api/#worker-deployments-properties).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about accessing deployment information via Cloudflare's REST API, refer to the [API documentation](/api/#worker-deployments-properties).
```

## Rollbacks
Rollbacks are a way to quickly deploy an older deployment to the Cloudflare global network. This could be useful if a breaking change or unintended publish is made to a production Worker.

Perform a rollback via [Wrangler](/workers/platform/deployments/#via-wrangler-1) or the [Cloudflare dashboard](/workers/platform/deployments/#via-the-cloudflare-dashboard-1).

### via Wrangler

> To perform a rollback via Wrangler, use the `wrangler rollback` command. Refer to [Wrangler `rollback` command documentation](/workers/wrangler/commands#rollback) for more information. TODO LIZ: THIS IS A BROKEN LINK NEEDS TO BE FIXED

Author: nope! removed :)
